Use reactive var hook (#9906)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/api/react/hooks.mdx

| Param                  | Type                       | Description                                                |
| ---------------------- | -------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| Apollo Client instance | ApolloClient&lt;object&gt; | The `ApolloClient` instance being used by the application. |

##  useReactiveVar

> The `useReactiveVar` hook can be used to read from a reactive variable in a way that allows the React component to rerender if/when the variable is next updated.

Reviewer: Same suggestion about `re-render`

```suggestion
The `useReactiveVar` hook can be used to read from a reactive variable in a way that allows the React component to re-render if/when the variable is next updated.
```

> Previously, the only way for a reactive variable to trigger a React component rerender was through the use of `useQuery`. Now you don't have to be using `useQuery` to benefit from the reactivity that `ReactiveVar<T>` provides.

Reviewer: Nit: I propose we copy the React docs with respect to `re-render` (with hyphen) for consistency

```suggestion
Previously, the only way for a reactive variable to trigger a React component re-render was through the use of `useQuery`. Now you don't have to be using `useQuery` to benefit from the reactivity that `ReactiveVar<T>` provides.
```

Author: Thanks, I'll make this change on my local branch and commit.

> ### Example
> ```tsx
> import { makeVar, useReactiveVar } from "@apollo/client";
> export const cartItemsVar = makeVar([]);

Reviewer: Nit: elsewhere we have a newline after the h3 subheading

```suggestion
### Example

```tsx
import { makeVar, useReactiveVar } from "@apollo/client";
export const cartItemsVar = makeVar([]);
```

export function Cart() {
  const cartItems = useReactiveVar(cartItemsVar);
  // ...
```

### Function Signature

```tsx
 function useReactiveVar<T>(rv: ReactiveVar<T>): T {
  const value = rv();
  // We don't actually care what useState thinks the value of the variable
  // is, so we take only the update function from the returned array.
  const mute = rv.onNextChange(useState(value)[1]);
  // Once the component is unmounted, ignore future updates. Note that the
  // useEffect function returns the mute function without calling it,
  // allowing it to be called when the component unmounts. This is
  // equivalent to useEffect(() => () => mute(), []), but shorter.
  useEffect(() => mute, []);

>   return value;

Reviewer 2: Maybe just remove these lines to keep the function signature aligned with the other sections, so it becomes just:

```ts
function useReactiveVar<T>(rv: ReactiveVar<T>): T {}
```
